---
layout: post
title: New Girl
---

	New Girl revolves around Jessica Day (Zooey Deschanel) who moves into a loft with three guys after being cheated on by her boyfriend. The four go on to become extremely close friends and get themselves into the ridiculous, but relatable situations. And, of course, (Spoiler Warning) she ends up falling in love with one of her roommates, Nick Miller (Jake Johnson). This show is truly incredible, but it is riddled with continuity errors, especially in the later seasons. 
	The error we are looking at today first plants itself in Season 3, Episode 3. Nick and Jess have just began dating and feel the need to tell each other all of their deepest secrets after one of their other roommates, Schmidt (Max Greenfield) threatens that their lack of communication is going to break them up. They start by telling each other serious things, but they quickly become [more and more outrageous.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6n06CsGrZ5s) One of the things Jess says near the end of their conversation is, “I’m weirdly good at volleyball.” While this may seem like and innocent enough claim, it comes back to make this conversation look deceptive. 
	Jumping ahead only sixteen episodes, Season 3, Episode 19, Jess contradicts herself in the biggest of ways. She wants to become Vice Principal of the school she works at but is too nervous to ask for it. Her roommate Coach (Damon Wayans Jr.) takes Jess to their school gym where he asks her to spike a volleyball, hoping to get her adrenaline running to ask for the promotion. However, [it is obvious](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzoeDxWUdHA) that Jess cannot even get the ball over the net. She even says, “I’ve never been good at athlete’s ball.” 
	Why would she tell Nick that she was good at volleyball when she obviously is not? Especially when they were confessing their secrets to one another. Did she lie to Nick on purpose? Was she trying to sabotage their relationship? While this all may seem like an incredibly small detail that does not align, it raises these serious questions for me. A show like this is designed to make the audience laugh, not to question plot lines and motives. While I agree this may seem over the top, it could have been easily fixed by more thoughtful writing. This continuity error doesn’t even happen seasons apart, only episodes apart. Would it be so difficult to keep track of this detail? No. It’s not a major plot point or something that even needs to be discussed again, but by not paying attention their previous writing, the writers have created a problem that always makes me a little annoyed when I watch the show. 

